This Minecraft block just sent me down
the weirdest rabbit hole. It's called
glow lykan, and I haven't thought about
it much since it was added to the game,
mostly because I'm not able to get it in
my super flat world. But some builders
have actually used it for some really
cool techniques, like putting it on top
of glazed terracotta to achieve a nice
stained glass look. I always thought
Lyan in real life was just a fungus, but
I decided to look into it, and it's
actually way weirder than that. Lykan is
actually a sort of team up between
fungus and algae. The fungus pays the
rent, providing a cozy home for the
algae, and the algae puts food on the
table by utilizing photosynthesis. The
two were such a power couple that they
basically invented the term symbiosis in
biology, which is a mutually beneficial
relationship between two organisms of
different species. Albert Bernard Frank
was the first to use the term when he
described the mutualistic relationship
found in Lyken back in 1877, which was a
few years before glow lyken was
introduced into Minecraft. Lyken doesn't
actually glow at all in real life, but
there are bioluminescent fungi out there
like fox fire, which can be found on
rotting wood and gives off a dim bluish
green glow on dark nights. It would
definitely be cool to see bioluminescent
forests in the game. If you learn
something new, make sure to glow, like,
and subscribe.